My very first published zine.

Q (chinese letter for 9) and A time folks.

"ReMeMbEr PeOpLe, ThIs Is A cHrIsTiAn ZiNe. No CuSsInG, aNd No SeX."
LMAO

You wanna get shitposter's confirmation? I wrote down some Devil's
Advocates to this zine's stances.

Q. Why did you title this zine "Steal This Zine!"?
A. I hate the fact all self-made zines need to have a certain
price. It betrays the Do-It-Yourself spirit. I ask of you to steal
this little book.

Q. What made you came up with such an unethical title?
A. Nobody ever titled it before. No, nevermind. Actually, someone else
did. This group by the name of "soulstice & Friends" published their
own zine with this title. But it looks like a phamplet than your
average zine.

Q. If I can steal these, you won't earn any profit. How does this even
work?
A. I don't believe in currency. Or at least I stopped believe in it,
unlike anyone else. Let me introduce you "gift economy". Instead of
buying valuables through cash money or any kind of currency, you
exchange it with goods or services. Russian zoologist Peter Kropotkin
believed that hunter-gatherer tribes relied on mutual aid, where
people and animal spieces evolve through cooperation instead of
competition. Under the moneyless world, people with little to no
resources still able to survive all because they still have mutual
supports from others. If you want my zine but don't have money to do
so, you have my permission to steal one. Like I care.

Q. What motivated you to make this?
A. I only want to make pure art, and I see zine as a form of
artform. Most of the time, I don't think art should have any monetary
value.

Q. What tools did you use to make this and how?
A. With GNU Image Manipulation Program; it's an open-source, free
alternative to Adobe's photoshop. Done on the Arch Linux desktop. Yes,
I use linux.

Q. Where did you came up with the title?
A. Obviously from Abbie Hoffman's "Steal This Book". And that System
of the Down's album. (I don't listen to their music, by the way).

Q. What's your stance on censorship?
A. I stand against it. That includes self-censorship.

Q. Who made this bullshit zine?
A. An unemployed man pig living in New York City sucking off his
parents' income. I shitpost all day on the internet, and leave
comments with unfunny dick jokes. (Yes I have a [redacted] - a
[redacted] one).

Q. And who made these arts?
A. I did all of these artworks. I make collage arts from public domain
images or images with Creative Commons license. And all of these
artworks came with Creative Commons license, since I don't trust the
traditional copyright system everywhere. Unless I made certain
artworks public domain, anyone can use my art as long as they credit
me. As a transphobe would say, "copying is not theft!". Now I can
steal this slogan!

Q. Why some of the arts in this zine look too old-fashion?
A. I had a fascination with pulp sci-fi novels of the past during my
teenage years. They stand in like that past era's equivalent of
today's Japanese light novels with anime/manga illustration.

Q. Where in the internet do you usually get these images?
A. Wikicommons, Unsplash, Archive.org, Creative Commons, etc. Most of
pulp fiction illustration fell into public domain. This means, I can
do whatever I want with them without any legal challenges.

Q. Not convinced. I don't feel like stealing something blatantly. I
hate this. Go fuck youself for writing this piece of shit. And shove
your worthless zine up your ass.
A. Yeah..... you got me. Buy this book legally if you want. Hopefully,
it cost you like one or ten dollars or seomthing. Have fun with it. If
you have matchsticks or lighter, then burn this shit up. Leave it in
your worst enemy's front door. Huh, I smell the burning papers outside
of my apartment.
